'America's Got Talent' host fighting slavery
The host of hit U.S. TV show Americas Got Talent is getting behind a new campaign to end modern-day slavery. Actor-comedian Nick Cannon told CNN he wanted to use his celebrity to encourage others to join the anti-slavery fight.Obama gets flak for calling Kamala Harris America's 'best-looking attorney general'
The Obamas have racked up a couple of gaffes these last few days. Michelle Obama accidentally called herself a "busy single mother," and now her husband is facing some criticism for his remarks regarding California's attorney general. Obama ...BBC America programming schedule for April 8 - May 4
Rocked by the revelation that she and her fellow Orphans are clones, Sarah just wants to get her hands on the money and skip town. But Sarahs fake detective ruse stretches thin when the cops find the body she buried and assign Beth to the case.French Montana Joins Lil Waynes Americas Most Wanted Tour
One of the summers biggest tours just got bigger. French Montana has joined the lineup for the Americas Most Wanted Music Festival 2013. Lil Wayne will headline the 40-date North American trek alongside T.I. and Future. The tour ...Being Human To Return and In The Flesh To Debut on BBC America
The final season of Being Human and the debut of the 3-part mini-series In The Flesh will be coming to BBC America this summer. Being Human will be back for its last season, consisting of six episodes, on the cable network and will focus ...CNN's Ali Velshi Joins Al Jazeera America
Marking its first high-profile American hire, Al Jazeera has announced that it has acquired CNN's former chief business correspondent, Ali Velshi, for its new Al Jazeera America cable network. Al Jazeera America is preparing for a summer launch ...America's Got Talent swapping NJ for NYC
Americas Got Talent (AGT) is heading across the Hudson. NBC is swapping the New Jersey Performing Arts Center (NJPAC) for the historic Radio City Music Hall when it begins filming season 8 this summer. Citing the sizeable tax breaks ...Robie House Named Among Buildings That Changed America; See It After Dark In April
In a city full of amazing architecture, the Robie House remains one of our absolute favorites. The Frank Lloyd Wright home in Hyde Park is considered one of his greatest masterpieces. Now, it's also considered among "10 Buildings That Changed ...Roger Ebert To Congress: Movies Are Not The Cause Of Violence In America
Roger Ebert's big personality and impassioned stances on film never waned throughout his decades-long career, including the time he and fellow movie critic Gene Siskel took Congress to task The C-SPAN clip shows the famous duo discussing the ...A taste of America
It was an unusually busy day at the Taipei Kaiping Culinary School () last Tuesday, when the schools usual activities were overtaken by the hosting of the United Tastes of America  Asian Chef Challenge ( ...BBC America's "The Nerdist" Announces More Big Guests
Jon Hamm, Zach Galifianakis, Joe Manganiello, Eliza Dushku and more to hang out with Chris Hardwick in the first season of The Nerdist On the heels of BBC AMERICA's premiere of the new Supernatural Saturday line up, today more big names have ...Americas Best Comics
Ahead of the release of the Vertigo solicitations, MTV Geek has official confirmation that the long-teased Tom Strong and the Planet of Peril will at last debut in July. Initially discussed in early 2011, following the closing of DC Comics ...Tuscaloosa Public Library announces six-week 'America's Music' program
TUSCALOOSA, Alabama-- The Tuscaloosa Public Library is hosting a six-week program that focuses completely on American music traditions. "America's Music: A Film History of our Popular Music from Blues to Bluegrass to Broadway" begins April 13 and runs on ...French Montana Added to Lil Wayne's "America's Most Wanted" Tour
This summer, Lil Wayne, T.I., and Future are hitting the road for the "America's Most Wanted" tour, and as of this morning, the lineup has gotten even more stacked. NYC's resident Coke Boy French was just added to the bill and will join the crew for the 40 ...The Congress has lost the capacity to reinvent itself
Mamata Banerjee might be unfairly pilloried for the death of student activist, Sudipto Gupta, that could well be an accident. But Didis problem is of her own making. She is caught in her own trap. From anecdotes to scandals, from rare pictures to behind ...