BJP, Shiv Sena against pardon for Sanjay Dutt, Congress non-committal
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The weight of political opinion on whether or not film star Sanjay Dutt should be granted a gubernatorial pardon after his conviction in the Mumbai blasts case appeared shifting against the actor on Monday after a parade of ...Checker's 'Twist' among 25 recordings preserved by Library of Congress
WASHINGTON (AP)  Simon & Garfunkel s song The Sound of Silence, written amid the turmoil following President John F. Kennedys assassination, and Chubby Checkers 1960s dance hit The Twist are among 25 recordings selected ...African-American Civil War spirituals at Library of Congress Mar. 30 (Photos)
The Library of Congress presents a free performance and intriguing exploration of Civil War African-American spirituals this Easter weekend, Mar. 30, as part of the Library's ongoing commemoration of the war's 150th anniversary. View slideshow: African ...Library of Congress announces National Recording Registry additions
Simon and Garfunkel's song "Sounds of Silence," which was written amid the turmoil following President John F. Kennedy's assassination, will join Chubby Checker's 1960s dance hit "The Twist" as two of 25 recordings selected for preservation at ...Library of Congress to preserve first-ever audio message sent from space
The first-ever audio message that was sent from space occurred on December 19, 1958 when President Dwight Eisenhower said, Americas wish for peace on Earth and goodwill toward men everywhere. The message was broadcast from the worlds first ...Classic cherry blossom photos from the Library of Congress
While awaiting the glorious bloom of the cherry blossoms, lets enjoy some vintage images. How did the world-famous cherry trees look 75+ years ago and how did the photographers of a bygone era frame their shots and subjects? In addition ...Library of Congress to Preserve 1st Message from Space
The first audio message to be relayed from outer space will be preserved as part of the National Recording Registry alongside Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side of the Moon," Simon and Garfunkel's "Sounds of Silence," and Chubby Checker's rendition of "The Twist ...Library of Congress inducts La. anthem
WASHINGTON  The Mardi Gras Indian album by the Wild Tchoupitoulas and "You Are My Sunshine," the song popularized by former Louisiana Gov. Jimmie Davis and later adopted as the state's anthem, were among the songs and recordings added to the ...Simon & Garfunkel song going to Library of Congress
WASHINGTON  Simon & Garfunkel s song The Sound of Silence, written amid the turmoil following President John F. Kennedys assassination, and Chubby Checkers 1960s dance hit The Twist are among 25 recordings selected for ...Library of Congress displays Gettysburg Address
WASHINGTON (AP)  One of five known manuscripts of Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address is going on display at the Library of Congress. Beginning Friday, the library will display the John Hay copy of the famous Civil War speech. It will be ...Library of Congress to preserve Simon & Garfunkel album, 24 others
WASHINGTON  Simon & Garfunkel's song "The Sound of Silence," written amid the turmoil after President John Kennedy's assassination, and Chubby Checker's 1960s dance hit "The Twist" are among 25 recordings selected for preservation at the ...Library of Congress adds 25 recordings to registry
From Jimmie Davis' You Are My Sunshine to Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, the newest inductees into the Library of Congress' National Recording Registry, announced Wednesday, span 62 years of recorded sound and represent an impressive diversity.List of 25 Sounds Saved by Library of Congress
WASHINGTON (AP) - A popular tune written after John F. Kennedy's assassination and Chubby Checker's 1960s dance hit "The Twist" will be among 25 recordings selected for preservation at the Library of Congress. On Thursday, the library is ...First message sent from space to be preserved by Library of Congress (video)
Van Cliburn, Pink Floyd, Simon & Garfunkel Recordings Marked for Preservation From the cultural significance of Chubby Checker's song-and-dance phenomenon and the historic moment of Van Cliburn's triumphant Cold War performance in Moscow to the ...Ashley Judd Won't Run for Senate in 2014
Sen. Ashley Judd? Not anytime soon. The actress has passed on a much-rumored run for Kentucky Republican Mitch McConnell's Senate seat, she confirmed Wednesday. Judd, a long-time Democrat and outspoken women's rights advocate, said she won't ...